1: It's OK. So it's alright, sorry it's a prototype. This thing working. Come on with the if you want to use the power of AI, you need a sacrifice, something. Alright, it's recording. Alright, great, uh, how everyone? Welcome to our presentation. Uh, this project is called power
2: Great, so you might be wondering what this is all about. Uh, really. The whole premise here is we're trying to answer the question, why would you ever want to watch a 30 minute video when you can read through a quicker, especially if it's for a business meeting. A power reader is an innovative AI solution that correlate your transcriptions with your PowerPoint slides so you have a single document that captures will spoken in remote meeting. You can read through the slides and give time back to yourself if you have recorded 30 minute to one hour meeting, why would you want to watch that and spend all that time when you really just want to look at the key points covered in the PowerPoint? And that's what power reader is trying to
3: We have some cool features. Uh, the first is. It's really simple to use. You simply add your video and you will receive an output which is the power point file with the captions in the speaker notes. We use the power of AI to extract slide numbers from the speech and as well as the images and we also utilize office APIs for Seamless Speaker
4: Here's an overview of our flow. Uh, so do you have an input of your recorded video with the power point slides? Uh, those are fed into an image classifier, which is a convolutional your network. This will extract out the slide number as well as the time stamps windows slides. That, along with the captions file which is generated from the video, gets fed into our power reader app. This is essentially a mapping tool between the captions and the slide number, as well as a tool that writes this captions into the PowerPoint itself, and you get an output which is a power point file with the captions in the speaker notes, and you can use that and read over at any given time that you like. OK, thanks, um I was wondering how the logic work to understand if you move to a new slide. OK, so you have a question about the whole image classifier. Yeah Peter, our team can help answer this question, Peter. So the convolutional neural network will take the input recording file and pull every few seconds or so to detect if the image that from the frame it's extracted has changed, which slide whether the image is the same as before. So if it's detected that were on a new image, then that's detecting the that to the captions.
5: Great, so this is an overview of power reader. Now will move on to some Q&A. Be happy to answer any questions. Hey, thank you for the presentation. Could you go back to the architecture diagram?
